README.md, before:

# Vottom Sheet

Vottom Sheet is a touch-friendly, lightweight and easy-to-use Vue.js component
that allows you to create smooth bottom sheets or modal dialogs in your web
application.

<div style="text-align: center">
  <img src="demo.gif" alt="Lightweight and touch-friendly Bottom Sheet component for Vue.js" />
</div>

## Features

- Simple integration: Easily integrate the Vottom Sheet component into your Vue.js project with just a few lines of code.
- Smooth animations: Enjoy smooth and elegant animations as the bottom sheet slides into view and hides.
- Flexible: Use Vottom Sheet however you want.
- More to come...

## Installation

```bash copy
# npm:
npm install @amho/vottom-sheet
```

```bash copy
# or yarn:
yarn add @amho/vottom-sheet
```

```bash copy
# or pnpm:
pnpm add @amho/vottom-sheet
```

## How to use

```vue copy
<script lang="ts" setup>
import { ref } from 'vue';
import { VottomSheet } from '@amho/vottom-sheet';

const model = ref(false);
</script>

<template>
  <button type="button" @click="model = true">Open Vottom Sheet</button>

  <VottomSheet v-model="model" closeOnOverlayClick>
    <div>Hello from Vottom Sheet!</div>
  </VottomSheet>
</template>

<style src="@amho/vottom-sheet/style.css" />
```

## How to use in Nuxt.js

Just wrap the component inside `<ClientOnly>` provided by Nuxt.js. This is because vottom-sheet uses browser APIs that are not available on the server.

```vue copy
<template>
  <ClientOnly>
    <VottomSheet v-model="model" closeOnOverlayClick>
      <div>Hello from Vottom Sheet!</div>
    </VottomSheet>
  </ClientOnly>
</template>
```

## Props

Vottom Sheet supports the following props (More props are going to be added):

| Prop                  | Type                 | Required | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                                    |
|-----------------------|----------------------|----------|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `modelValue`          | `Boolean`            | ✅        | -             | Control the visibility of the bottom sheet. Works in pair with `@update:modelValue` to enable 2-way data binding (`v-model`).                                  |
| `fullscreen`          | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Make the component fullscreen.                                                                                                                                 |
| `zIndex`              | `String` or `Number` | ❌        | `0`           | Specify the `z-index` of the bottom sheet.                                                                                                                     |
| `closeOnEscape`       | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Whether to close the bottom sheet on `Esc` key press.                                                                                                          |
| `eager`               | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Force the component's content to render when it mounts. This is useful if you have content that will not be rendered in the DOM that you want crawled for SEO. |
| `closeOnOverlayClick` | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Whether to close the bottom sheet if the overlay is clicked.                                                                                                   |
| `disableSwipe`        | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Disable the swipe-to-close functionality.                                                                                                                      |

## Events

| Event               | Payload Type | Description                                                                                                                                    |
|---------------------|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `update:modelValue` | `Boolean`    | Works in pair with `modelValue` prop to enable 2-way data binding (`v-model`). Can be used to listen on state changes and trigger custom code. |

## Slots

| Slot      | Description                                                                                                                    |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `default` | Insert the content that is going to be displayed inside the bottom sheet.                                                      |
| `handle`  | Insert a custom handle for the bottom sheet which is displayed above the `content` slot and can be used to drag the component. |

Commit message:

docs(bottom-sheet): add `transitionDuration` prop

README.md, after:

# Vottom Sheet

Vottom Sheet is a touch-friendly, lightweight and easy-to-use Vue.js component
that allows you to create smooth bottom sheets or modal dialogs in your web
application.

<div style="text-align: center">
  <img src="demo.gif" alt="Lightweight and touch-friendly Bottom Sheet component for Vue.js" />
</div>

## Features

- Simple integration: Easily integrate the Vottom Sheet component into your Vue.js project with just a few lines of code.
- Smooth animations: Enjoy smooth and elegant animations as the bottom sheet slides into view and hides.
- Flexible: Use Vottom Sheet however you want.
- More to come...

## Installation

```bash copy
# npm:
npm install @amho/vottom-sheet
```

```bash copy
# or yarn:
yarn add @amho/vottom-sheet
```

```bash copy
# or pnpm:
pnpm add @amho/vottom-sheet
```

## How to use

```vue copy
<script lang="ts" setup>
import { ref } from 'vue';
import { VottomSheet } from '@amho/vottom-sheet';

const model = ref(false);
</script>

<template>
  <button type="button" @click="model = true">Open Vottom Sheet</button>

  <VottomSheet v-model="model" closeOnOverlayClick>
    <div>Hello from Vottom Sheet!</div>
  </VottomSheet>
</template>

<style src="@amho/vottom-sheet/style.css" />
```

## How to use in Nuxt.js

Just wrap the component inside `<ClientOnly>` provided by Nuxt.js. This is because vottom-sheet uses browser APIs that are not available on the server.

```vue copy
<template>
  <ClientOnly>
    <VottomSheet v-model="model" closeOnOverlayClick>
      <div>Hello from Vottom Sheet!</div>
    </VottomSheet>
  </ClientOnly>
</template>
```

## Props

Vottom Sheet supports the following props (More props are going to be added):

| Prop                  | Type                 | Required | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                                    |
|-----------------------|----------------------|----------|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `modelValue`          | `Boolean`            | ✅        | -             | Control the visibility of the bottom sheet. Works in pair with `@update:modelValue` to enable 2-way data binding (`v-model`).                                  |
| `fullscreen`          | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Make the component fullscreen.                                                                                                                                 |
| `zIndex`              | `String` or `Number` | ❌        | `0`           | Specify the `z-index` of the bottom sheet.                                                                                                                     |
| `closeOnEscape`       | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Whether to close the bottom sheet on `Esc` key press.                                                                                                          |
| `eager`               | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Force the component's content to render when it mounts. This is useful if you have content that will not be rendered in the DOM that you want crawled for SEO. |
| `closeOnOverlayClick` | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Whether to close the bottom sheet if the overlay is clicked.                                                                                                   |
| `disableSwipe`        | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `false`       | Disable the swipe-to-close functionality.                                                                                                                      |
| `transitionDuration`  | `Boolean`            | ❌        | `300`         | Specify the transition duration of toggling the bottom sheet.                                                                                                  |

## Events

| Event               | Payload Type | Description                                                                                                                                    |
|---------------------|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `update:modelValue` | `Boolean`    | Works in pair with `modelValue` prop to enable 2-way data binding (`v-model`). Can be used to listen on state changes and trigger custom code. |

## Slots

| Slot      | Description                                                                                                                    |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `default` | Insert the content that is going to be displayed inside the bottom sheet.                                                      |
| `handle`  | Insert a custom handle for the bottom sheet which is displayed above the `content` slot and can be used to drag the component. |
